docs: Add Windowing to list of samples (#680)
unoplatform/Uno.Samples: doc/samples.md

Port of the XAML Brewer WinUI3 SkiaSharp Sample application ([blog post](https://xamlbrewer.wordpress.com/2023/09/25/getting-started-with-skiasharp-in-winui-3/) and [source code](https://github.com/XamlBrewer/XamlBrewer.WinUI3.SkiaSharp.Sample)).

[Browse source](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Samples/tree/master/UI/XamlBrewerUnoApp)

> ### Windowing samples

Reviewer: @MartinZikmund can you or @morning4coffe-dev help to add a proper structure (ReadMe file, src folder, and doc/assets folder) for the https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Samples/tree/master/UI/WindowingSamples, please

Take PongWars sample as an example:
https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Samples/tree/master/UI/PongWars

Author: Done!

> Provides example on the usage of multi-window APIs in Uno Platform apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides examples of the usage of multi-window APIs in Uno Platform apps.
```
